Go Won: Hello
(Go Won & Choerry saying hello to you gracefully!)
Choerry: I'm Choerry
Go Won: And I'm Go Won~
Go Won: We usually have a tea time gracefully like this~
Choerry: Chuu is filming her part diligently~
Go Won: Yes~
hoerry: And the next turn is you!
Go Won: Me?
Choerry: Right~
Choerry: She will be with beautiful flowers~
Go Won: I think I would be a great time for me~
Go Won: Do I look elegant?
Choerry: Absoultley, very graceful~
#NowPlaying "LOOΠΔ / Go Won - One&Only"
YeoJin: Go Won is filming her part of the teaser and...
YeoJin: with flowers~
YeoJin: So beautiful~
YeoJin: And very beautiful JinSoul is in front of me!
JinSoul: Very bautiful?
YeoJin: Yes.
JinSoul: Serious?
YeoJin: Yes, I'm so serious...!
YeoJin: And very beautiful HeeJin is next to her!